АНАЛИЗ ДИАЛОГА АГЕНТА
Файл: afe4e707-0f3c-40fb-89ae-bfaa0edc8070_O_mbM3z1YR7XuO_UqCBC625w.mp3
Дата анализа: 2025-10-27 17:06:22
Язык: en

ТРАНСКРИБИРОВАННЫЙ ТЕКСТ:
Hello? Hello. Hello. Can you hear me? Yes. Am I talking to Jill? Pardon? Can you repeat? Yes. Is it Jill? Jill? My name is Jill, yes. Yes, Jill. My name is Martin. Nice to meet you. I'm giving you a call from... Speak slowly. Okay. I'm not very good at languages. Oh, it's perfect. Jill, my name is Martin. I'm giving you a call as your personal financial advisor from Global WDC Trading Investment Company. Okay? Yes. Okay. You made your initial investment like, you know, one hour ago. So, first of all, my congratulations with getting started. So, I'm this person who will be helping you with your investment. So, we have a mutual goal, you know, to grow your investment, to make it bigger, and to make your life better. Okay? Okay. Very good. All right. Anyway, do I pronounce your name correctly? Is it Jill? Jill. Jill. Jill. Jill. Jill. Jill. Okay. Jill. Okay. Jill. So, let's get to know each other better because I hope that we will work for a long term. So, I would like to know what made you decide to make this investment? I heard that the Prime Minister this morning and he said that. So, I do. Why not? Okay. It is true. Many people signed up today because they heard Prime Minister actually, you know, promoting. And what about your past experience with investments? Did you make some investments before? Yeah. That's the first time. You said you're a virgin with this. Yeah. It's never too late. Sometimes you need to, you know, break the virginity. A long time ago. I mean, yeah, a long time ago, but right now we will break, you know, financial virginity. Yeah, that's right. Okay. Good. Good. So, since you've never had any experience, Jill, I believe I will be the person who will be, you know, completely doing all of these investments on your behalf. Okay? So, you started with a very minimum amount. If my memory serves me right, it is $250, right? Yeah. Yeah. It's $340. Yeah. In Canadian dollars. So, I'll be, you know, completely transparent with you. This amount is not something substantial which will allow us to make a living, but it's just, it will serve, you know, amount as a test. So, we can use this funds to trade some financial assets. I will show you how. And basically, it will give you a glimpse of what you could do with investments in our company. So, you will see the results. And after that, already, we will be, you know, having a conversation whether you like it or not. But I hope that you will like it and we will be, you know, working with you long term. Okay? Okay. Very good. Yeah. Okay. So, tell me as well, Jill, at the moment, look, what do you do for a living in Canada? What? What? What? I do? Yeah. Yeah. What do you do professionally? Right now, I am retired. Retired. Okay. So, okay. For how long you have not been working? 20 years. 20 years. Come on. How old are you? You sound like you're 60. How old are you? 79. 79. Come on. You're like your voice is so vibrant and energetic. Do you do some sports? Take it as a compliment. No? No. No. I am okay. All right. What about your profession? What did you do before? Before you got retired? I was working for meat out and for general development of production. Okay. Okay. So, now you're just enjoying life, taking it easy, right? Yes. Okay. Amazing. I mean, this is what you have to do. At your age right now, you just need to travel the world, go to nice places, spend as much time as you can with your family. I went to Puerto Vallarta 18 years, six months. Okay. All right. RV. Okay. Okay. Now my wife is dead two, three years ago. So, I see. I don't do too much. But do you have some other plans, let's say, you know, to travel to some other places right now? Yes. Yes. Yes. What is on your bucket list? Tell me. Come on. What is on your bucket list? Where do you want to travel? What about? Okay. What about the European countries? What about what? Europe. Europe. Would you like to travel to Europe? Like the German? I went there three, four, three to six times. But maybe, definitely, maybe, you know, I'm a little bit too. If I meet somebody, I would like that. Okay. Okay. So, let's make it as a plan. So, let's make some money here and you will use this capital, your profits, to travel, to go somewhere. It would be better if I can make some money there, you know. I mean, people are coming here to make money. So, and I would say right now, right now, in the current market, given that we have crypto markets, stocks, you can really, like with the right investments, you can get, you can make good income on a monthly basis. And this is the main reason why people are signing up. Because right now, the conventional finances, they are crumbling. Like, look at the value of Canadian dollar. It is constantly losing its value. It's going down. Why? Because the government, they print more money. It is called quantitative easing. So, they print money, print money, print money and what happens? It's causing inflation, right? Yeah, that's right. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yes. Yeah. This is why people right now, many, like hundreds of thousands of people are starting to do this thing and trade, invest with crypto, with stocks and it's going quite well for them. So, I want to understand as well, what is your financial objective here? So, let's assume that everything goes well. So, how much money would you like to make? I don't know. I don't know. You know, that's the first time I put money in the end. Okay. Are you planning? We'll see. If it's going good, we'll see. Say it again? I will see if it's running good. You know, the money is coming up and... I see. So, you will test. You will see how it goes. If it goes well, you will allocate. You will be more focused on this, right? Yeah, that's right. That's right. All right. Amazing. Amazing. So, this is without further ado what I'm suggesting. I'm suggesting basically to show you your investment account and I will make for you a few deals and hopefully by tomorrow we will make some first profits, okay? Okay. Okay. All right, Jill. Tell me, please, do you use laptop or computer? Yes, I have laptop and I have phone. Okay. Your laptop, is it Apple or it's Windows based? Yes, it's Apple. Okay. Then Apple, we will know. What about your phone? Is it also Apple? Yes, Apple also. All right. So, let's do like this because it's quite problematic for me to... I wanted to give you some presentation but when you have an Apple, it's quite problematic. So, what I can do because I don't want to take up so much of your time. So, I could actually make some trades today on your behalf, okay? All right. And yes, and tomorrow I will try to figure out a way how to make a presentation for you. So, I will show you how you can log into your investment account, what you can do with it, okay? And how we can basically, how we will start making money. Okay. There you go. All right. And, Jill, maybe you have some questions. Go ahead, please. No, I don't have questions. I will see how we will be okay. So, that's it. No? Okay. I believe it's going to go well. So, I don't really like to talk much. I like my results to speak for everything. Yeah, that's right. Makes sense, right? Okay, Jill. One thing I put the permit driver, he asked me the guy, you know? Okay, he's already on. Yeah, you're talking about security words. Yeah, yeah. The guy before you asked for ID, okay? Yeah, ID. So, it's okay now. It's under the door. Did you upload it or no? Oh, yeah. Put it. Yeah. You've done it, yes? Yes, it's done. Okay. All right. Brilliant. And one more question as well. Jill, do you use WhatsApp on this phone number? WhatsApp Messenger? The phone number? Yeah, do you use a WhatsApp application on this phone number? I don't understand. You know, it's like, it's application where you can send messages to each other, WhatsApp. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. Okay. Good, good. So, yeah. After we finish our conversation, I will send you a short text, okay? Okay, very good. In the WhatsApp so we can communicate there easily. Okay, very good. Okay, good. Okay, look, let's do like this, Jill. I will open right now. I will make some trades for you today and tomorrow at what time we can get connected. So, we will check the results and I will show you basically the platform and all the rest. Okay. What is your time right now? Tomorrow morning. What time is it? Yeah, what is your time right now? Is it 10.20? 10.20, like you, yeah. Okay, amazing. So, tomorrow if I give you a call, because I will have a window at the time, around 10. If I give you a call at 10, just be ready in front of your laptop. So, we will check out your investment account. Hopefully, we will make money by tomorrow and I will just give you some more advanced information and we will check the results as well, okay? Okay, very good. Thank you very much. All right, you're welcome. Take care. Have a good day. Okay. Bye. Thank you. Bye-bye.

ОШИБКИ:
• Пропущены ключевые фразы (61 шт.)
• Низкое соответствие эталонному скрипту

РЕКОМЕНДАЦИИ:
• Включить обязательные фразы из скрипта
• Требуется дополнительное обучение по скрипту

ЭТАЛОННЫЙ СКРИПТ (good_scrips):
What is diversification ( a risk management tool)

10% to stocks
10% to crypto
10% to commodities.
each day AI can open up to 10-15 deals, and the success ratio is 3:1 , meaning that out of 4 deals 3 will be successful and it will cover the loss in 1 deal statistically it is 89% profit OUT OF 1 DEAL, not in the month, monthly you have a total of up you 30 % We make this 89% profit on scalping trading, (small, low volume, short deals) like you scalp the top of the pricing, opening the fast deals. Here you benefit from quantity not quality. Each deal can bring you 5-6 % . THIS IS RISK FREE. On the other hand, if we trade MANUALLY we do it on the volatile positions. (when the price is jumping up or down by more than 80%. THE RISK IS INVOLVED HERE!! BUT WE HAVE STOP LOSS AND TAKE PROFIT With the leverage we give you (which is from 10 to 100) you can increase your buying power and also open position for ex not on 20 $ but on 200$ with the same amount. Your SAM will elaborate more about commission we are getting not more than 10% monthly from your profit. The main commission consists of spread and swap (spread- diff between B and S, the Swap is an overnight fee, when you for ex. see the since to close position not at the current day but on the next day.

Script: 

Hi "Client name"? (Wait for an answer)This is __________ and I`m Calling you with TradeAI. (NO PAUSE)How is your day Going?I see that you`ve applied for an investment venture with us!
(PAUSE – let client answer)
-Sounds good/Happy to hear that/wonderful.Now before we get started i would like to ask you a few questions just for me to understand you a bit better and create a financial plan.

Question 1: Is this your first time do you have any kind of exp? 

2 Options, Both options need to be treated as problems:

1 – Client is scammed – money was taken away and the scammers disappeared!
Client did not have full financial control over his money.

Solution: You will control your money by yourself and you are the only one to decide what to deposit or withdraw at any point of time.2 – Client is not making money.

Solution: Our software let you make money without a baggage of Knowledge on Fin Market, automated just by itself! And with the help of your SAM who will be analyzing the market with the help of our analytics 24/7. You have an opportunity to put it to a test with 250 euro before investing any further.

Question 2: Age
Question 3: Job

-Are you currently employed or manage your own business? – (If no, continue to the next question. If yes, move to secondary)

-What do you rely on financially? (benefits mostly) give reaction with Regret

-What motivated you to make money with us?

- How much do you make?

- Have you made yourself any savings for rainy days ( ex like when Covid started)?

Pitch: Here with us you will have a highly secured liquid trading account with AI integrated. I will assign to you the top trading experts who will teach you things, create the investment strategy, build financial plans and dedicate their skills to help you generate more and more profits. Working with us you can earn 10 to 30 % minimum on a monthly basis. Thus, you can combine the two ways of trading or chose the one that you prefer (automated and manual). Since you are working with us for the first time, I would advise you to have a test drive of the minimum investment 250 euro. You will diversify this investment according to the Risk Management rules between all the markets available on the platform.By the way, are you looking to be educated for trading or you want everything to be done by us?? Client responds

Well, anyway with the help of your personal SAM you will be provided with the best tools and strategies, education, guidance, technical support with the software, market analysis, Risk Management levels, that will help you to meet your target ASAP. I don't say that the test drive will bring you millions, but step by step you will expand your balance and decide for yourself to move on or close your account. Sounds good?Why this AI is so popular nowadays, because it trades using CFD . This is not traditional trading, when you buy and wait until the price goes up. But imagine, you can make money even when the price is doing down because we trade on its difference regardless the direction! (you shut up) I'm happy to have you on board with us, and I'm absolutely sure that with us you will reach your goals. We usually set up a goal for our customers to double up their monthly income. Our goal is to share with you the success of our software to let you make money without a baggage of Knowledge on Fin Market. I`m sure our Artificial Intelligent system will not just fit your goals but will create a stable financial future. Our team especially your SAM will be on top of that! Does it ring a bell?
Client answers and might give objections

Now let me tell you why our system is the best of it's kind! And how the platform works (Open the platform with the client and start explaining it a bit)Our SAM will be looking after your account and will be using different strategies where they will be showing you how to buy assets on a lower price and sell it on higher one by analyzing different markets at a different time zones 24/5.

The software will work fully automatically while you sleep, eat, work and live your ordinary life.
All you need is fund your account with money for the software to acquire assets to profit of.NEWS ,,,,Our team doesn't recommend to start investing with a large capital. We strongly recommend to test the waters before you jump in to it with a larger capital. Therefore you have a test drive with a technical minimum of 250 euros to experience the results for one week.You Will have your own Investment Account that will be fully liquid for you at any moment.Let me AMAZE you with what our SAM are capable of. Call to Action

Key Words: 

Activation1) NFP (NonFarm Payroll) An unemployment report in the US. It announces how many working places the companies opened or how many people lost their jobs in America. It comes out 1st Friday of the Month. NFP is meant to pay a negative or positive impact on the USD ratio (Forex), on Gold. (it's a market rule that one of these two ( Gold or USD) falls or rises. If Gold falls – the Usd rises and otherwise.)

2) Senior Financial Advisor– a professional trading expert with extended experience, with 89% success rate in trading with the 3A level accreditation whose job is to assist the client, educate, explain, support, and guide him through the process using the strong Risk management tools. He/she using Fundamental analysis, builds the investment plan individually and get his commission from the client's profit.

3) Risk Management - set of measures meant to secure the invested funds, reduce the risk and maximize the profit - is Stop Loss/ Take Profit and Diversification.
StopLoss / TakeProfit levels
SL – A price point lower which the price won't go and the deal will be automatically closed to avoid loss of invested amount
TP - A price point higher which the price won't go and guarantees to take the gained profit in time

4) Diversification – free trading amount is never invested into one trade only to avoid the risk of loss. Allowed to take 10-20% from deposit into 1 trade and open multiple deals. Don't put all eggs in one basket.

5) Spread Is a small brokerage commission for each deal opened.
Brokerage commission normally is calculated from the profit SFA made for a client in a range of 0,5-10% depending on many factors and is deducted automatically from the trades

6) CFD (Contract For Difference)
Is a method of short time trading with the assets prices without owning the asset physically "Difference" means here the change between the opening price and closing price. No matter how the price moves (Up Trend or Down Trend) the price falling or rising – the traders are making money by the price direction The only thing that matters in CFD trading – to predict the right trend direction which is done by your SFA (ex. You believe that the price of an asset will fall by 10% by the end of the day and it actually happened – you are gaining this 10 %. If the price has moved the opposite direction (went up) you are losing 10 %. And otherwise.)

Type of Investments:

Neoms Investment is responsible for raising capital and evaluating growth opportunities. We are addressing some of the most pressing challenges facing humanity by bringing together a community of the brightest minds such as the AI system. We are redefining the future now. So basically Neom is building a circular economy where resources are reproduced and reused. This program is for people who dream big, a new world for sustainable living. The vision for a new future. The world needs this program because the world needs a change. This is an opportunity for one to change how the world does business. Changing the way we live our lives with preventative health care and the highest standards of living. Sounds nice, right? As shown by analytics with a minimum investment of 250 euro, our fund is able in the first month to show a return profit of 2k - 3k (10-30% depending on the investment that you make) due to successful reinvestment and profitably closed transaction. This approach will contribute to the rapid growth. We have 5 sectors of the market (Commodities, Stocks, Crypto, Froex Pairs, and Indices) each sector has been designed to advance technology and push the very limits of human knowledge. This is a future for all! In one word Neoms is a place that will change the way we live on this planet. It's simple really 

2nd Pitch: 

This is Lisa and I`m Calling you with Quantum AI.How is your day Going? (wait for an answer)I see that you`ve applied for an investment venture with us! 

What motivated you to make money with us? Feedback Our software let you make money without a baggage of Knowledge on Fin Market, automated just by itself! And with the help of your SAM who will be analyzing the market with the help of our analytics 24/7. You have an opportunity to put it to a test with 250 euro before investing any further.I`m sure our Artificial Intelligent system will not just fit your goals but will create a stable financial future.

It analyzes the market and trades on it’s own using built-in algorithms that statistically speaking create our clients about 30% returns MONTHLY!!!! (say with enthusiasm)

By connecting to the AI, you will be making your first returns already today! Now let me tell you why our AI system is the best of it’s kind!

It buys assets on a lower price and sells it on a higher one by analyzing different markets at different time zones 24/5.
The software will work fully automatically while you sleep, eat, work and live your ordinary life.

All you need is to fund your account with money for the software to acquire assets to profit of.Our team doesn’t recommend to start investing with a large capital. We strongly recommend testing the waters before you jump into it with a larger capital.
Therefore you have a test drive with a technical minimum of 250 euros to experience the results for one week

What is Neom: 

NEOM Investment Fund (NIF) is the strategic investment arm of NEOM, supporting the growth of our economic sectors through the development of new commercial businesses. We back game-changing ideas and strategic technologies to create global champions of tomorrow. NIF partners with likeminded innovative companies, investors and entrepreneurs that are working on solving the world’s most complex problems. NIF will be the key enabler of NEOM’s commercial success, prioritizing investments that unlock next-generation industries to turn NEOM’s visionary goals into a reality.
We will create high-skilled jobs through the development of global champions as well as managing and growing commercially viable sectors. NIF will attract and acquire frontier technology and intellectual property, while stimulating capital formation, generating leading returns and fostering financial sustainability. We’re establishing an economy where opportunities are limitless, where new ideas can be piloted and scaled and where new global champions can emerge. This extends across NEOM's 14 knowledge-economy sectors and regional developments, accelerating their growth.

Theory of Black Swan:

Do you know the theory of Black Swan? It's so-called unpredictable factors that you can either benefit from or fail.
Who you are and where you are at the moment - is a series of decisions you have made over your lifetime.
Imagine you are a turkey on a farm. Your owner is feeding and taking care of you for a long time, while you grow and gain weight. Would you ever suspect him in a dirty plan to harm or kill you? No!

But on a Thanksgiving day, you are killed and cooked.... What is the lesson? Your experience is not a subject of statistics.

The human brain relies on a determination, that crashes the system. Never stake on a horse that comes always first, as with time it gets older and can even not rise up on a starting line due to the severe treatment. Risks are waiting for you everywhere. Our problem is that we don't want to acknowledge the lack of information. It's a comfort zone. The one who confesses he is a fool - will win rather than the one who thinks he knows all. What is going on atm in the world was, is, and will always be a subject of analysis and forecast by the particular bodies. But it doesn't mean that their prediction is meant to secure you but to determine their future actions.


Bitcoin's trajectory continued to connect, creating new price targets with each wave. Told tales of regret reflect a time when missed opportunities made people eager to enter the market sooner. However, the beauty market maintains Bitcoin's potential to reach new all-time highs in recent years. After reaching previous highs of $20,000, Bitcoin has reached a remarkable $70,000 per BTC in 2021, reminding us of the cyclical nature of markets.However, these remarkable phenomena carry inevitable risks for uninformed traders. Trading without adequate research is akin to gambling. By using the QUANTUM AI ELITE app, you continue to change market dynamics, giving you the ability to make informed decisions and reduce unnecessary risks. Seamlessly browse the cryptocurrency market, analyze emerging changes, and improve your trading skills.First idea of Quantum code belongs to Peter Shor: Peter Shor, a mathematician and computer scientist, introduced Shor's algorithm in 1994, which demonstrated the potential of quantum computers to factor large numbers exponentially faster than classical computers.

The Quantum Artificial Intelligence Lab (also called the Quantum AI Lab or QuAIL) is a joint initiative of NASA, Universities Space Research Association, and Google (specifically, Google Research) whose goal is to pioneer research on how quantum computing might help with machine learning and other difficult computer ...The AKJ Ecosystem is operated by the AKJ Group of companies (being AKJt Holdings Limited and AK Jensen Group Limited and their subsidiaries). AKJt is a fintech holding company that oversees the group's digital assets initiatives and is focused on trading, administrative, digitization and other advanced solutions for hedge fund managers. The group and its associated entities serve hedge fund and institutional clients in 35 countries around the world, and are owned by shareholders who collectively have over US$24 billion in assets under management.
If you take decentralised ledger and put it on a platform AKJ, which is inevitably running out of the classic regulatory concept, you are creating securities for 10 years ahead. Banking system is on way of transformation towards decentralised ecosystem as now one by one banks acknowledge the role of blockchain in the global business ecosystem. Meta, Amazon payments are landed on a decentralised ledgers. They can not control. SEK regulates our activity as well as your security is provide by the AKJ ecosystem.

2.2 New Script (Regarding about WD!!!!!!!) Great! Now, let me tell you about our company and about what we do here in order to make money. 
Our company gives you an access to the financial market and all instruments in order to be successful here.
 We are going to provide you with automatic trading software that does not require any knowledge or trading experience, because it’s based on intelligent algorithm that’s collecting information from the global market. 
It just opens trades on your behalf and makes money. The average result the software makes is 8 successful trades out 10. HOWEVER, this is the average result and the software can make 10 of 10 in a profit! 
We will also assign to you a market expert and you can have 1-3 trading sessions 10-20 min with you per week in order to maximize the profit. So, you can learn, practice and make money at the same time!
I can tell you that the average profit that clients make in our company is 10%-20% in a week, which means that even if you start with an absolute minimum of €250 you may make your first €50 profit by the end of the first week! Does it sound good for you?